roBott - Copyright (C) 2005-2020  Vitor Santos Bottazzi
======

# Off-line industrial robot programming framework

Abstract — The industrial robot programming is a work for specialist
in robotics. Today, this work is very hard because there are many
robot manufacturers with different languages and different programming
environments. Although, off-line programming is an way that can reduce
drastically the machines stop time to maintenance.
With the use of object oriented design patterns, it is possible minimize
the time spent in robot programming. In this work is proposed a
off-line programming environment. This tool is based in one abstract
model to program robots, encapsulate in java classes. This way has the
main advantage of best source code utilization. Grouping the business
classes in modules by functionalities, we can reduce complexity between
low matching. Recognized patterns like Facade and Template Method
will construct the base to develop this programming framework. The
programming robot languages tested in this work was Rapid, Karel
and Melfa Basic IV, respectively languages used by ABB, Fanuc and
Mitsubishi constructors.

Index Terms — Framework, off-line programming, robot code genera-
tor.

# TODO's

- Translate all terms/standards to english allowing easier cooperation;
- Refactoring on modules to reduce duplicated code and improve design;
- Upgrade from JOGL towards WebGL to comply with Web standards
- Incorporate novel 3D exchange formats towards (e.g. PCL, IFC, xMCF, etc)

# Contact

For enquiries about this open source project please contact:
Dr. Vitor Santos Bottazzi - robott_v1 at yahoo dot com dot br

# License

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

# References:

Bottazzi, V. S., & Fonseca, J. C. (2005, October). Off-line robot programming framework. In Joint International Conference on Autonomic and Autonomous Systems and International Conference on Networking and Services-(icas-isns' 05) (pp. 71-71). IEEE. (see documentation folder)

Bottazzi, V., & Fonseca, J. (2006). Off-line Programming Industrial Robots Based in the Information Extracted From Neutral Files Generated by the Commercial CAD Tools Industrial Robotics: Programming, Simulation and Application, Edited by: Low Kin Huat.






